Add machine learning serving example using python (#2376)
knative/docs: community/samples/serving/helloworld-python-bentoml/README.md

framework for high performance ML model serving, which supports all major machine
learning frameworks including Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Fast.ai, XGBoost and etc.

This sample will walk you through the steps of creating and deploying a machine learning
model using python. It will use BentoML to package a classifier model trained
on the Iris dataset. Afterward, it will create a container image and
deploy the image to Knative.

Knative deployment guide with BentoML is also available in the
[BentoML documentation](https://docs.bentoml.org/en/latest/deployment/knative.html)

## Before you begin

- A Kubernetes cluster with Knative installed. Follow the
  [installation instructions](../../../../docs/install/README.md) if you need to
  create one.
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com) installed and running on your local machine,
  and a Docker Hub account configured. Docker Hub will be used for a container registry).
- Python 3.6 or above installed and running on your local machine.
  - `scikit-learn` and `bentoml` packages, run command:

    ```shell
    pip install scikit-learn
    pip install bentoml
    ```

> ## Recreating sample code

Reviewer: Put some comment in here about running all of these steps locally, just so it's clear that these don't need a kubernetes cluster.

1. BentoML creates a model API serving, via prediction service abstraction. This code
  defines a prediction service that requires a scikit-learn model. It asks BentoML to
  figure out the required pip dependencies, also defined an API, which is the entry
  point for accessing this machine learning service. Save the
  following code into a file named `iris_classifier.py`:

>     ```python

Reviewer: I'd suggest putting these files into the same directory, and then including them here with the following shortcode (will work on the website which is rendered by hugo, but not in github markdown): `{{% readfile file="iris_classifier.py" %}}`

That way, people can also check out the files directly from GitHub if they don't want to copy-paste.

Author: Great suggestion, I remove the code blocks into actual files.

          "pipDependencies": "bentoml==0.6.2\nscikit-learn",
          "pythonVersion": "3.7.3"
        },
        "artifacts": [
          {
            "name": "model",
            "artifactType": "SklearnModelArtifact"
          }
        ],
        "apis": [
          {
            "name": "predict",
            "handlerType": "DataframeHandler",
            "docs": "BentoService API",
            "handlerConfig": {
              "orient": "records",
              "typ": "frame",
              "input_dtypes": null,
              "output_orient": "records"
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
    ```

4. Test run API server. BentoML can start an API server from the saved model. Use
  BentoML CLI command to start an API server locally and test it with the `curl` command.

    ```shell
    bentoml serve IrisClassifier:latest
    ```

    In another terminal window, make `curl` request with sample data to the API server
    and get prediction result:

    ```shell
    curl -v -i \
    --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
    --request POST \
    --data '[[5.1, 3.5, 1.4, 0.2]]' \
    127.0.0.1:5000/predict
    ```

## Building and deploying the sample

> BentoML supports containerlization a dockerfile for API server of the saved model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BentoML supports containerization using a Dockerfile for API server of the saved model.
```

I don't see where the Dockerfile is created here?

Author: Dockerfile is automatically generated as part of the saving model process.  I updated the readme to make it clear.  Thank you for the suggestion

    docker build - t {username}/iris-classifier $saved_path

    # Push the container to docker registry
    docker push {username}/iris-classifier
    ```

2. Save the following Knative serving configuration into a file named `service.yaml`.
  Ensure the container image value matches the container you built in the previous step.
  Apply the configuration with `kubectl`:

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1
    kind: Service
    metadata:
      name: iris-classifier
      namespace: default
    spec:
      template:
        spec:
          containers:
            - image: docker.io/{username}/iris-classifier
              ports:
              - containerPort: 5000 # Port to route to
              livenessProbe:
                httpGet:
                  path: /healthz
                initialDelaySeconds: 3
                periodSeconds: 5
              readinessProbe:
                httpGet:
                  path: /healthz
                initialDelaySeconds: 3
                periodSeconds: 5
                failureThreshold: 3
                timeoutSeconds: 60
    ```

    ```shell
    kubectl apply --filename service.yaml
    ```

>     Now that your service is created, Knative performs the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Now that your service is created, Knative performs the following steps:
```

The other tutorials have this as a separate numbered bullet point.
